ACCOUNT MANAGER
Within HelathMarkets you are responsible for meeting or exceeding the annual revenue targets and achieving long-term growth of overall Elsevier business on the Health Sciences accounts assigned to you. You will actively open doors (identify contacts) to drive new sales within the assigned Key Accounts; you are responsible for new-sales as well as maintaining and growing the existing business. In this context you are used to leading and driving high value, complex and potentially highly political negotiations (e.g. at consortia level). You develop strong sustainable relationships with relevant executive level and influencers at the customer organizations and execute against the strategic account plan, driving active engagement with important Elsevier stakeholders and influencers. As our Key Account Manager – Health Sciences you will deliver the technology and content value story to the customer and drive the customer value perception of Elsevier content, products and services. You are responsible for customer loyalty and customer satisfaction. This means you are the key expert on the customer; you know everything about the customers’ business, strategy and research needs, budgets and competitive products at the customer. You translate this knowledge into implications for the holistic Elsevier value proposition and the solutions we offer. You are a true self-starter with excellent communication skills and you excel in strategic account planning. You will work closely together with the product team and publishing team. You will report to the Key Account Director. This position is based in France at Issy les Moulineaux. Revenue : achieve the total account and territory revenue growth (new sales and renewals) Sales process : manage and close (negociate) all renewals (all products/solutions), close the renewal negotations on all products Account planning : responsible for strategic account planning, ensuring appropriate input from other stakeholders and focusing on the customer's business strategy. Ensures alignement to deliver holistic Elsevier value/revenue to the account, in line with the institution's strategic objectives Account ownership : overall account ownership : owns the overall institutional strategy and planning of the customer engagement plan Customer focus : own the overall Elsevier customer relationship with the customers assigned; delivers the holistic Elsevier value proposition to the customer (e.g. value of our content+tools) Relationship : build and maintain relationships with key decision makers in and outside key accounts; continue to expand executive level as weel as researcher relationships at current customers Market intelligence : stay abreast of developments in segment (country, industry, etc...) and share market insights/intel with Elsevier stakeholders Internal alignement : provide relevant and timely input to other business units Sales team management /CRM / Matrix organisation / C-level / key account management / customer engagement University degree, minimum of 5 years' experience in workflows and/or Information tools sales - track record selling technology and solutions in a B2B and/or public environment, experience selling to or working with hospitals, Clinics, medical professional's, experience in strategic account planning : can connect the dots within customer's institutions, able to build strong relationships with multiple internal and external stakeholders (e.g. senior levels), adept at building out (expanding) business with a customer, strong communication (verbal and written) and presentation skills, fluency in English, experienced in working in an international matrixed organisation
