Controleur Financier Projets M&A
M&A Projects Financial Controller – Southern Europe (m/f) PPG: WE PROTECT AND BEAUTIFY THE WORLD™ At PPG (NYSE: PPG), we work every day to develop and deliver the paints, coatings and materials that our customers have trusted for more than 130 years. Through dedication and creativity, we solve our customers’ biggest challenges, collaborating closely to find the right path forward. With headquarters in Pittsburgh, we operate and innovate in more than 70 countries and reported net sales of $14.8 billion in 2016. We serve customers in construction, consumer products, industrial and transportation markets and aftermarkets. To learn more, visit www.ppg.com. Job Description Based in France (Paris area), reporting to the EMEA Finance Director for a major PPG Business unit (M€ 700 sales), you focus on acquisition or disinvestment projects regarding Southern Europe. You create and monitor a reliable finance controlling and liaise closely with Operations giving them support and advice. Your main responsibilities are the following: Lead detailed business studies about targeted companies: valuation, business planning, cash-flow analysis, payback analysis… Design and draft written presentations for M&A projects for the Executive Committee and the identified target companies. Conduct audits, liaising with external counselors, in order to estimate and discuss M&A pricing (due diligence, risk auditing, drafting of legal documents). Participate in the analysis of data room: review, analysis and synthesis of documents. Prepare business plans, cash-flow modeling and valuation of M&A Projects, draft of financing plans liaising with different partners (internal experts, shareholders and banks). Carry out above-mentioned activities for disinvestment projects. Assist in ad-hoc projects controlling upon request. Qualifications Required Profile (m/f) Master degree in Corporate Finance or MBA from reputable Business or Engineer School or University. Minimum of a 4-year experience in audit firm and/or TS department, with an additional relevant experience in corporate controlling/reporting. Excellent proficiency in financial analysis and Capex gained in a big firm. Naturally enthusiastic, you are highly motivated by the challenges this job creation involves and keen to succeed in a growing international firm. With great rigor, you have a strong ability to adapt in a fast pacing environment. English is your working language. Location: France, Paris area. Salary package offered upon profile. Please apply through email address: recrutement.supports@ppg.com #LI-JG1
