Warning: Douche Bag level CODE RED!

Here's how my experience went ... 

Me: "May I have a Carmel Latte?" 
Employee: "No"
.... dead air ...
Me: "Ummm why not?"
Employee: "We don't have carmel"
Me: "Ummm I guess I'll just have a Cappuccino then"
Employee: "Just so you know it's a REAL Cappuccino"
Me: "Okay" (in my head I'm trying to figure out if I can legally punch this dickhead in the face or not).

So I sat down mulling over this experience in the dank dark atmosphere while listening to this ass wipe talk to his friend about living on other peoples couches for the past few months and about how he'll be moving to downtown Phoenix soon. To which I just chuckled to myself as this person was FAR from cool enough to blend into CenPho. What a complete and utter douche bag. Stay in Tempe poser (and keep your employer there to!).

This experience was months ago, and now they have opened up a shop downtown. Guess what? I'm not going to check them out. Fuck you Cartel. You'll never be Lux, so just stay in Tempe where you can be a complete poser with an attitude that you haven't earned.

Complete FAIL. 

For my two cents, skip this place and go to Lux in CenPho/Mid Town right off the Light Rail. Authentically cool with ZERO attitude, great coffee and no douche bag employees. 

And as for great coffee ... try Conspire WAY better coffee and authenticly cool.

---- 
please read "owners comment" below ... here's my response ... 
----
Wow so the coffee snobbery continues with the owner ... I guess my new job  should be to "promote good coffee in Arizona" ... and I don't appreciate good coffee because I enjoy the combination of caramel AND coffee ... 

By that definition I guess I don't know good ice cream because I like hot fudge on it or good pizza because I enjoy pepperoni AND cheese or good music if it's not acoustic or a good voice unless it's A cappella ... thanks for proving my point. I wouldn't go here unless you are a total coffee snob ... (I guess) they don't need your business you poser!